Updated readme and contributing (#805)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

 
 Follow one of these two methods to add DCO to your commits:
 
**1. Command line**
 Follow the steps: 
 **Step 1:** Configure your local git environment adding the same name and e-mail configured at your GitHub account. It helps to sign commits manually during reviews and suggestions.

 ```
git config --global user.name “Name”
git config --global user.email “email@domain.com.br”
```
**Step 2:** Add the Signed-off-by line with the `'-s'` flag in the git commit command:

```
$ git commit -s -m "This is my commit message"
```

**2. GitHub website**
You can also manually sign your commits during GitHub reviews and suggestions, follow the steps below: 

**Step 1:** When the commit changes box opens, manually type or paste your signature in the comment box, see the example:

```
Signed-off-by: Name < e-mail address >
```

For this method, your name and e-mail must be the same registered to your GitHub account.

## **How to contribute?** 

You can suggest a change, a fix, or improvements to our documentation, such as: 
- Add missing information.
- Fix a grammar or code error.
- Suggest a new section.
- Translate. 

> ### **Open an issue**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **Opening issues and pull requests**
```

Follow the steps below: 

**Step 1.** Access [**GitHub Issues**](https://github.com/ZupIT/beagle-docs/issues) and open an issue;

**Step 2.** Describe the issue or change you want to make; 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also suggest solutions for opened issues following steps 3 to 5
```

> **Step 3.** Make your changes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3.** Commit your changes to a new branch and upload it to the repository;
```

> **Step 4.** Open a pull request open a PR to the published branch, i. e., **`release-VERSION`** and fill in the template; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4.** Open a pull request to the published branch, i. e., **`release-VERSION`** and fill in the template; 
```

> **Step 5.** In GitHub, send a pull request to **`beagle:main`**;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 5.** Also open a pull request to the default branch **`beagle:main`**;
```
